oh right readers here's what you've been
waiting for 10 amazing books you won't
be able to put down would you consider
yourself a bookworm if so great if not
you probably just haven't found the
right book yet one that pulls you into
its pages doesn't let go and simply get
you hooked on reading in any case you'll
definitely want to check out these 10
enthralling page turners Stefan Zweig 24
hours in the life of a woman in this
novella Australian novelist Stefan Zweig
is somehow able to reveal a person's
most intimate feelings in a very
delicate way stunningly detailed
descriptions of all the characters and
their relationships will make you feel
like you really know these people as if
they live their lives along with you if
you or someone you know never has the
time to read then make time for this one
Joanne Harris five quarters of the
orange Joanne Harris is a well-known
English writer famous for her
award-winning book chocolate as well as
her other novel five quarters of the
orange the plot of the latter is
centered around the youngest daughter of
three who inherits her mother's cookbook
in her own cafe she follows the books
old recipes and tries to figure out
what's written between the lines it's a
complex and mysterious story telling us
that some things are better left unsaid
and some terrifying secrets from one's
past are better left unrevealed yes the
book is considered Harris's most
complicated and intricate work by the
way her stories have an interesting
reoccurring Fame they all focus on
senses like smell and taste this could
be due to the fact that the author
experiences a rare phenomenon called
synesthesia yes I had to look it up in
which she senses certain colors with
smells
[Music]
Winston groom Forrest Gump before the
incredible 1994 movie impressed us and
had us in tears with the lovable
slow-witted Forrest the world had
praised the novel with the same title
just eight years earlier this books got
everything you need a hard look at the
so-called American dream a touching love
story and a stinging satirical tone as
always the two versions differ with the
novel suggesting a main character who is
a bit smarter than the one we saw on the
big screen and life situations that get
more on the fantastical side for example
Forrest saves Chinese President mao
zedong from drowning goes on a space
mission with an ape and spend some time
on an island full of cannibals a however
unrealistic the book is a real adventure
story
[Music]
Arthur Haley Airport
this story take place at a fictional
Chicago Airport called Lincoln
International the poor airport employees
faces a series of unfortunate events a
snowstorm that brings chaos to the
airport a bomb explosion aboard a plane
a supply track that's completely
vanished these troubles come along with
personal issues and drama and all this
happens on a single Friday night this
entertaining story written in an unusual
office romance style will definitely
grab you from the beginning
by the way Arthur Haley's primary genre
was so-called Industrial novel where he
took some professional field studied it
thoroughly and described it in his books
among his other famous industrial novels
are hotel wheels and the money changers
boris and arkady strugatsky monday
begins on saturday the scientific
research institute of sorcery and
wizardry is the place you won't want to
leave here magic is studied through
scientific analysis and investigation
and those who study it refuse to take
even a short break from their favorite
activity you'll meet tons of fantastical
creatures in the book a talking cat a
fish that grants wishes and even
vampires get ready to sink into an
enchanting magical world this book is so
good you'll want to reread it as soon as
you finished it guaranteed sebastian
chopra saw the lady in the car with
glasses and a god
this 1966 crime novel is a wonderful
psychological detective story with a
special emphasis on its characters in
description you can almost feel the wind
in your hair and the main characters
despair and lack of confidence the whole
book is her attempt to reevaluate her
own life and find her true self is
definitely a good read and worth
checking out
guy de maupassant
Bellamy the novel chronicles the life of
a regular opportunist George Duroy who
achieves everything he has by
manipulating Paris's most powerful and
wealthy women although he's no man of
dignity honor or respect his adventures
do really grab the reader his rise to
fame and success shows complete
self-confidence but it's not only thanks
to him and his personality it's also the
society he lives in and the beliefs they
share that get him to the top the book
has had a lot of TV and film adaptations
one of the most recent was a 2012
European co-production movie with the
same name starring Robert Pattinson and
uma Thurman as main characters there was
even a pornographic version shot in 1976
in Sweden called for men only and to
each his own I guess
Janusz Vishnevsky
I practiced that loneliness on the net
loneliness on the net is one of the most
thrilling love stories written in recent
years the main characters meet in an
online chat room where they share erotic
fantasies and real stories from their
lives they go through some trying
challenges in an attempt to meet
face-to-face and parrots but perhaps the
biggest challenges are ahead
the 2001 book beat all previous
best-selling records in Poland with over
300,000 copies soul it's also been
translated to a ton of languages English
included so get on it Gabriel Garcia
Marquez love in the Time of Cholera in
this novel Marquez succeeded in telling
a love story in a sensual and poetic way
with the perfect mix of humour and
wisdom it's a story about a young woman
Fermina who breaks up with her childhood
sweetheart
Florencia and instead marries a
scientist who dreams of eradicating
cholera from the Spanish colonies
florencio brokenhearted yet still madly
in love decides to wait for her how
strong is his dedication to his true
love 510 50 years and will he win her
back
you'll have to read and find out David
Mitchell Cloud Atlas Cloud Atlas is no
ordinary book that you can just skim
through in one evening this is a six
instrument symphony with six different
stories each reader will get their very
own unique understanding of the book and
the overall big picture will come
together quite unexpectedly kind of like
putting together a puzzle if it sounds
like magic to you that's because it is
it's the magic of words
Cloud Atlas breaks the limits of feeling
time in genres and shows where real
willpower can lead us now it's time to
get your hands on one of these books and
delve into the unbelievable world of
reading as Stephen King said books are a
uniquely portable magic so have you read
any of these books which ones would you
like to try let us know your thoughts in
the comments section below
if your friends are looking for a good
book share this video with them
don't forget to hit the like button and
subscribe to our Channel remember life
is better on the bright side
[Music]